content/assignments: Add "Lambda Function Loader" checker (#38)
cs-pub-ro/operating-systems: content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/README.md

```bash
## Starting the server

> student@os:../lambda-function-loader/src$ make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
student@os:.../lambda-function-loader/src$ make
```
`..` tends to be confused with the previous directory. `...` are generally used to symbolise a longer path. Do this for all paths.

student@os:../lambda-function-loader/src$ ./server

## Client
#
# Open another terminal and instruct the client to send a library to the server.
# Please remember the calling convention for client
# ./client <libname> [<function> [<file>]]
#

> # Note: When <function> is not provided, the server will try to execute the `run` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Note: When <function> is not provided, the server must execute the `run` function.
```

student@os:../lambda-function-loader/$ cd tests
student@os:../lambda-function-loader/tests$ make
student@os:../lambda-function-loader/tests$ ./client $(realpath libbasic.so)
Output file: /home/student/operating-systems/content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/tests/output/out-bSJdTv

student@os:../lambda-function-loader/tests$ cat /home/student/operating-systems/content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/tests/output/out-bSJdTv
run

> # Execute the "function" function from libbasic.so

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Execute the "function" function from libbasic.so. The function does not exist, so an error is printed instead.
```

> # Execute the "function" function from libbasic.so. The function does not exist, so an error is printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Execute the "function" function from libbasic.so.
# The function does not exist, so an error is printed.
```

student@os:../lambda-function-loader/tests$ ./client $(realpath libbasic.so) function
Output file: /home/student/operating-systems/content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/tests/output/out-qOcoAA

student@os:../lambda-function-loader/tests$ cat /home/so/output/out-qOcoAA
Error: /home/student/operating-systems/content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/tests/libbasic.so function could not be executed.

> # Execute the "cat" function from libbasic.so with the argumentbeing the full path of file "Makefile"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Execute the "cat" function from libbasic.so with the argument being the full path of file "Makefile"
```

You have a checker available for partial verification of your implementation.

The checker behaves as follows:

> - it automatically builds the source files then it starts the `server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- it automatically builds the source files then it starts the `server`.
```

> - it automatically builds the source files then it starts the `server`
> - it runs all the tests without restarting the `server`
> - it then kills the `server`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- it automatically builds the source files then it starts the `server`.
- it runs all the tests without restarting the `server`.
- it then kills the `server`.
```

> For debugging purposes, you can instruct the checker to restart the server before each test. Please see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging purposes, you can instruct the checker to restart the server before each test.
Please see below.
```
